well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about unity
we're going to talk about uniting
reuniting the country it's a huge
talking point right now
everybody's talking about it it is the
end thing to do
and it is a good thing it is a good idea
to reunite the country
however it's not unity for unity's sake
that doesn't make sense i will not find
a way
to unite with people chanting build the
wall
it's not going to happen we don't
unite parties just agrees political
wills
that's not a good idea we unite behind
principle
we unite behind ideas principle
not parties not personalities principle
that means that those who were recently
elected
are going to have to put forth ideas
that can unite people
and those stragglers who can't get
behind those ideas
and have to campaign gonna have to
convince them you're gonna have to
politic show them that this is what's
best for the country
unite people behind that idea not behind
a letter behind a name not behind a
donkey or an elephant
but behind the idea this is how we move
forward
this idea of compromising for the sake
of unity
doesn't help that's how we got here
that's how we got trump you do not
compromise
with the most irrational fear-based
people in the room
that's a recipe for disaster if you want
to unite the country it's going to take
leadership
it's going to take going out there and
convincing people
that yeah we have to address climate
change
yes we have to do something about the
widening economic inequality in this
country
we have to do something about affordable
housing we have to move the country
forward
not hold on to ideas from the 1960s
compromise isn't the only way to unite
you can lead you can move forward and
people will follow
if you lead if you present the ideas and
you defend them well
people will follow
yeah it's harder it's not as politically
expedient
but it's better for the country
that's how we have to unite we can't
just reach across the aisle
for the sake of doing it because it
looks good in a photo op
if we do that what happens is the
country regresses further we normalize
the bad policies that put trump in place
to begin with if we want to unite we
have to unite behind principles that
will move the country forward
anything else is failure anything else
to surrender
you have a lot of people in a bad way
there are a lot of good ideas out there
they just have to be presented well and
defended well
by people with a platform people who can
push the ideas out there and make people
see
that we have to move forward
we can't move back the united states is
not a country that should be looking
behind
it's not all good back there there's a
lot of bad stuff
we have to look to the future we have to
look forward
we have to build towards that
not simply unite with dinosaurs
who don't have the best interest of the
american people at heart
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day